Week 1
As some classmates asked me to swap the tutorial section for her, only temporal group is formed. The Scrum Master created the Jira account for the project and all teammates are added. We chose the project 4, a stock portfolio management system, as the topic of our project. After all group members are confirmed, we will discuss more on the project and divide the jobs.

Week 2
Group and project topic is confirmed. We divided the jobs and the role for each one. We referred to the website with similar system. 8 main functionalities is defined during the meeting. A draft of the proposal will be finished by week 3. Proposed flow chart for the system will be discussed next week. We will discuss more detail on the user stories which are the main part of the proposal.

Week 3
Github Classroom is formed and all teammates joined. The draft of proposal is finished. During the tutorial time, the tutor give some suggestion on the proposal. More details are needed in the proposal. We divided the part of proposal and decided to work in google drive first instead of working in Jira. We handed in the proposal. We will start working in Sprint 1 next week.

Week 4
The coding part of our project started. We divided into 3 parts: frontend, backend and support. I was assigned on doing the support part which need to help them when they face some difficulties. I need to know the progresses of both frontend and backend. In next week, we will going to present our demonstration A. Since the goals of Sprint 1 are not too hard and just some basic things, the demonstration will work on time.

Week 5
Demostration A is finished. We successfully showed all the functionalities that we supposed to achieve in Sprint 1. We did the retrospective meeting for Sprint 1. There are some minor parts about the functionalities in Sprint 1 need to be adjusted. Also, we are going to start Sprint 2. 

Week 7
We handed in the Retrospective A. There are some problems about obtaining real time market data from others api. We can only get the historical data. Users cannot refresh the current price. There will be demo B in next week. 

Week 8
We finished demo B. We did the retrospective meeting for Sprint 2. The functionalities are able worked but the problem of real time market data is not yet solved. We need to handin the retrospective B next week. As the data is not yet ready, the main part of our system cannot be built. The progress of our project need to be faster. 

Week 9
We handed in the Retrospective B. Both frontend and backend are ready. The market real time data is worked but it takes so long which need to be adjusted. We were building the connection betweem frontend and backend which we need to be fast. We will start doing the project report and planing for the final demo.

Week 10
The final demo is done. Apart from some network problem, the demo is pretty smooth, certainly, it can be better. We will finish the project report. The coding of our system and the report need to be handed in at the same day which is a bit rush.
